both corners are full of energy so we're
sure to see a great battle
you
the stage is set and the curtain is up
the blue corner makes the first attack
our rigid shop
Darkrai cannot move the red corner has
no pokemon the control
the situation is a bit of a stalemate
it's a mental tug-of-war as they
anticipate each other's move
nursery isn't out
is
a heated battle is unfolding in the
Coliseum
the red corner calls their Pokemon back
youtube is sent out
Bobby beers blow it's a direct hit
by Thunderbolt it went down Ursaring
suffers from poison
robot is sent out in terms of the number
of remaining pokemon is an even 50 50
both sides still have a chance to win
are smashing bowl that dealt some
massive damage
ninetales is sent out
Darkrai is sent out
go back is send
well both corners still have a chance to
win this who's going to take the glory
slam dunk
it's down and out
dark post is it went down
the game is now over the blue corner has
won the game